In a previous lesson we've implemented
DRY principle in our models.
Now in this lesson we are going to implement that
in our application's views because you see here we
wrote the same code for author info on question and
answer repeatedly.
Also for vote question and vote answer.
All right let's go ahead and open our
terminal and then create new branch
OK
Firstly let's open up answers index.blade.php
and then let's find author info.
OK here let's put these lines into other view
and here we'll include that by saying include
shared dot author. Here we need to pass two values
the first one is model and it will hold the current model
instance.
In this case answer
and the second is label
and it will be answered.
Now let's go to this folder and create new folder
and let's call it shared as we called here
and then inside his folder let's create new file
and let's call it underscore author blade php
and then inside this file just paste the code.
Here let's replace this with label that we passed in here.
And then let's select all answer instances
and replace them with model. Alright let's save all changes
and let's see if everything is working fine.
OK
It's working as it was.
Now let's do something to here and here
we also need to change the layout like we have here.
So let's open up questions index.blade.php
sorry I mean questions show.blade.php
so here that we need to open
OK here so let's remove these lines
and then create new row
here let's create three col-4
and in the third column
we can include our new view by saying include shared dot author
the model will be question and the label will be asked
Save that and let's see
here the layout has changed
and everything is fine. Now let's also
refactor the code for this vote controls.
As you can see in the UI we have the similar controls
for the question and answer. The difference here
we have favorite button only on the question and we have
and we have accept answer button only on the answer item
but if we see in the markup
we find there are many differences
in html attribute like title and then the id and action.
So what do you think?
Do we need to create two views for each vote question
and vote answer or do we need to create only
one view for both question and answer?